id: price_pressure_basf
title: BASF price pressure — Covestro coatings raw material annual review
persona: price-driven
context: Annual supply review for a regional coatings producer buying a Covestro specialty raw material aligned with polyurethane / isocyanate chemistry for their formulations (use exact grade and volume only if stated elsewhere in the case; otherwise stay generic). Procurement says BASF quoted roughly 6–8% lower on a comparable SKU and wants a Covestro response before internal sign-off. They also want improved payment conditions while keeping reformulation guidance, technical hotline, and stability testing support bundled at no extra charge. The relationship matters for Covestro share in coatings, but this product line is already margin-stretched—so the negotiation must test full delivered value (Incoterms, service, forecast, contract length, risk, sustainability attributes if raised), not a pure headline price match.
---
id: payment_terms_launch
title: Product launch with payment-term pressure
persona: procurement-hardliner
context: A customer preparing a product launch wants 60-day payment terms because cash flow will be tight during the ramp-up period. They argue that a competitor is open to longer terms. In exchange, they offer the possibility of more volume over the next two quarters, but forecast quality is still uncertain. Supply reliability and launch support are major concerns for the customer.
---
id: service_value_defense
title: Service package and technical support negotiation
persona: technical
context: A customer says the current offer looks expensive unless Covestro can demonstrate stronger technical support during implementation. The buyer expects on-site troubleshooting and a faster response time, but procurement is pushing to keep the package cost-neutral. The discussion needs to shift from upfront price to risk mitigation, process stability, and implementation support.
---
id: competitor_stalling
title: Competitor comparison and delayed decision
persona: relationship
context: The customer keeps delaying the decision while referencing a competitor proposal from Wanhua. They claim internal alignment is still in progress and ask Covestro to hold pricing while they compare lead times, service levels, and long-term supply confidence. The account has strategic value, but the buyer is using delay tactics to increase leverage.
